{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12980\viewh14540\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 README for raw_data_measurmts folder\
\
Raw data directly from the ImagePro Premier software.\
Reorganised in the \'93bias_measurements\'94 folder.\
\
More info:\
\
I organized the raw data from this folder into separate CSV files, one for each species for each sample. They are all in the \'93bias_measurements\'94 folder (A = re-sampled assemblages, B = Buckley Collection assemblages).\
\
Exemple: calida25A.csv contains the measurements of G. calida in sample 25 from the assemblage that I picked and mounted (re-samples), whereas calida25B.csv contains the measurements of G. calida in sample 25 extracted from the Buckley Collection (picked and counted by Buckley). \
\
Finally, some species + samples have both A and B, and other have A only (for example, conglobatus20). This is because the B (Buckley Collection) data for this specific species + sample was already used in the size-distrib-forams project, and therefore is already all in the CSV buckley_morpho.csv\
\
Important (20/12): When I removed S.dehiscens from the analysis, 2 samples were also removed (that had only dehiscens ) of the morphometric analysis. This means that the \'93sample\'94 numbers were modified. The problem is that when I imaged and measured the specimens for the bias analysis, I used the sample no. as reference (instead of a \'93more robust\'94 number as IRN of ZF, stupid..). So I renamed the files in the \'93bias_measurements\'94 folder, but not in this \'93raw_data_measurmts\'94 (in order to be able to go back to the real raw data just in case). Finally, as a reference below you can see the change in the sample number (OLD is the index then used in the raw_data_measurmts folder, and NEW the number in the bias_measurements folder and onwards in the rest of the analysis). \
\
OLD NEW\
   5     5\
   10   9\
   20   18\
   25   23\
   27   25\
   31   29\
   44   42\
   46   44\
   55   53\
   66   64}